---
layout: post
categories: life
---

I'm sitting here watching La La Land. A year ago I was sitting at my desk alone in a new city, going through a break-up, watching The Social Network. A year changes as does the movie but the situation doesn't. When you go through a huge emotional change, everything is amplified or numbed down. I felt inspired watching Zuckerberg and was convinced I was going to make my own app. Not something that would change the market and the way we think about technology, just something for fun and to show that I can do it. But then work ramped up, my motivation was low and frankly, I just did not have a good idea. It was coming from a place of anger anyways. This time around, I'm sitting here thinking about all the music I can play on my piano, all the things I can knit, getting better at art etc inspired by the new passing events

To be honest, I don't expect anybody to ever read this. I probably won't leave it up on my blog long enough for anybody to notice. I have the url for this site plastered all over my resume, and I don't want my recruiters and interviewers seeing this and questioning my mental. Maybe I want you to read it. I don't, but in the back of my mind, I really do. The way I want to text you but want nothing to do with you anymore. Sometimes it's just nice to be able to hit publish and know that you put yourself out there. 

Why La La Land? It was one of the last things I talked about before the end. Sebastian was a wonderful experience to Mia, but Mia was EVERYTHING to Sebastian. 

There's a song I've been listening to since last year- same situation. But back then I never really looked at the lyrics. "Love Scenario" an upbeat, fun K-pop song. But looking at the lyrics, it's astonishing the meaning of the lyrics. The lyricist, BI, wrote about a break-up. And it wasn't an angry or scornful breakup. It was the end of something beautiful. And being able to look back at the memories, that's enough. Close the curtain.
He wrote this after watching the last 10 minutes of La La Land.

I didn't know that till today. It all makes sense. 

I don't really know where I'm going with this post here but watching the movie I felt the need to write something. For myself and to be able to know it's out there for the world to see. It's not the only way I've been doing this too. And although I can do anythinng with my time, something productive and attention-seeking, I'll refrain myself. 

There's a million things on this blog I need to fix anyways. The links at the bottom looks ugly. I don't know how to change the new tag on a post. I need more posts in general and more details.

But for now, I'll focus on studying and preparing for interviews. And I'll listen to music and continue to feel inspired till I'm in a place where I can truly do something. I don't know when that time is. It's not now, it's not tomorrow or a week from now. But I'll keep thinking until I can give my all.

You were a wonderful experience.